README.md, before:

# Steam Helper For Chrome

![Gabe is so happy!](extension/icons/48.png)

> "Life is too short. Why don't you enjoy discount in Steam?"  
> ---Maybe from Gabe

A Chrome extension for enhancing steam website   
一个 Steam 网站助手 Chrome 插件

## Functions

0. A Steam links pop-up page for Chrome
1. Checking `I agree to the terms ...` automatically.
2. Input minimum price and 5 mount for buying trading card.
3. Show minimum total price in buying dialog.
4. Show game history prices in Steam store production page.
5. More is coming ...  

中文:   
0. 包含一个Steam相关链接的快捷弹出页面
1. 自动勾选 确认购买/出售 框框
2. 自动输入购买Steam卡片最小价格和5张
3. 显示购买的理想最低总价
4. 在Steam商店中显示游戏的历史价格
4. 更多的功能正在开发中 ...

## Install

1. Navigate to `chrome://extensions` in chrome.
2. Check `Developer mode` on, then click `Load Unpacked Extension`.
3. Choose `extension` folder in this project.
4. (Optional) You can delete this folder. (Because All extension codes have been copied into Chrome by Chrome)

中文:   
1. 在Chrome地址框中输入 `chrome://extensions` 回车
2. 选中 `开发者模式` 然后点击 `加载已解压的扩展程序…`
3. 选择 这个项目里面的 `extension` 目录
4. (可选的) 你现在可以删除这个文件夹了 (因为 Chrome 已经把插件的代码都加载到 Chrome 的文件夹下了) 

## Author

LiuYue @hangxingliu

Icons author: [Liam Thynne][IconAuthorWebsite]

## Contributing

1. Installing `node` and `npm` environment.
2. Executing `npm install`
3. Coding files in `extension` (**Ignore files in `extension/dist`. Because they were generated by automatic script**)
4. Executing `npm run build`/`npm run watch` to build scripts
5. Give me [Pull Request][PR]

## License

- All icons in this project under folder `extension/icons`:
	- I downloaded from [easyicon.net][IconFrom]
	- License: *Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License*
	- Author: [Liam Thynne][IconAuthorWebsite]
- Sources are licensed under the [GPL-3.0 License](LICENSE).

[IconFrom]: http://www.easyicon.net/1194568-com_valvesoftware_Steam_icon.html
[IconAuthorWebsite]: https://dribbble.com/liamthynne
[PR]: https://github.com/hangxingliu/steam-helper-for-chrome/pulls

Commit message:

2.2.0 Add price of card and market links in badge page

README.md, after:

# Steam Helper For Chrome

![Gabe is so happy!](extension/icons/48.png)

> "Life is too short. Why don't you enjoy discount in Steam?"  
> ---Maybe from Gabe

A Chrome extension for enhancing steam website   
一个 Steam 网站助手 Chrome 插件

## Functions

0. A Steam links pop-up page for Chrome
1. Checking `I agree to the terms ...` automatically.
2. Input minimum price and 5 mount for buying trading card.
3. Show minimum total price in buying dialog.
4. Show game history prices in Steam store production page.
5. Show price of card and market links in badge page.
6. More is coming ...  

中文:   
0. 包含一个Steam相关链接的快捷弹出页面
1. 自动勾选 确认购买/出售 框框
2. 自动输入购买Steam卡片最小价格和5张
3. 显示购买的理想最低总价
4. 在Steam商店中显示游戏的历史价格
5. 在徽章收集页面显示每张卡片的价格和对应的市场链接
6. 更多的功能正在开发中 ...

## Install

1. Navigate to `chrome://extensions` in chrome.
2. Check `Developer mode` on, then click `Load Unpacked Extension`.
3. Choose `extension` folder in this project.
4. (Optional) You can delete this folder. (Because All extension codes have been copied into Chrome by Chrome)

中文:   
1. 在Chrome地址框中输入 `chrome://extensions` 回车
2. 选中 `开发者模式` 然后点击 `加载已解压的扩展程序…`
3. 选择 这个项目里面的 `extension` 目录
4. (可选的) 你现在可以删除这个文件夹了 (因为 Chrome 已经把插件的代码都加载到 Chrome 的文件夹下了) 

## Author

LiuYue @hangxingliu

Icons author: [Liam Thynne][IconAuthorWebsite]

## Contributing

1. Installing `node` and `npm` environment.
2. Executing `npm install`
3. Coding files in `extension` (**Ignore files in `extension/dist`. Because they were generated by automatic script**)
4. Executing `npm run build`/`npm run watch` to build scripts
5. Give me [Pull Request][PR]

## License

- All icons in this project under folder `extension/icons`:
	- I downloaded from [easyicon.net][IconFrom]
	- License: *Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License*
	- Author: [Liam Thynne][IconAuthorWebsite]
- Sources are licensed under the [GPL-3.0 License](LICENSE).

[IconFrom]: http://www.easyicon.net/1194568-com_valvesoftware_Steam_icon.html
[IconAuthorWebsite]: https://dribbble.com/liamthynne
[PR]: https://github.com/hangxingliu/steam-helper-for-chrome/pulls
